What? This bitch didn't die?
I told you I didn't kill him
You should believe me.
Shen Guiying hurt me and escaped
That video is a lie.
No.
He's trying to kill and silence me completely
Only the maid threw me into the wilderness
Watching the video is evidence
He only took my place when he was convinced to wear it
They're going to kill you
Exclusive ownership of the Zhang family's property
Don't be fooled
Want a model Meng Jie
It was you who took the Zhang family's property
What a heartless man said
You think my woman will listen
He didn't cheat at all
The incense burner is lying to you.
What photo is clearly taken?
Are you still trying to cover up the fact that he cheated on you?
Since you said he didn't cheat
Then show evidence?
Only a real person can prove that you are outstanding
He's right outside the door. Take it with you.
How is Liu Kezhu your wife?
Sir is not cheating
It was framed by the old lady